Product Switcher documentation and configurable label and icon (#703)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

    - **url** is the external URL that the link leads to.

## Product switcher

The product switcher is a popover with tiles available in the top navigation bar. It allows you to switch between a curated list of navigation elements. To do so, add the **productSwitcher** property to the **navigation** object using the following optional properties:

> - **label** defines the label of the product switcher. It is shown as title attribute on hover in the top navigation and as headline in the mobile popover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **label** defines the label of the product switcher. It is displayed as a title attribute on hover in the top navigation and as a headline in the mobile pop-up.
```
